feat(core): Pass `name` & `attributes` to `tracesSampler` (#10426)
getsentry/sentry-javascript: MIGRATION.md

This will let you select which updates to run, and automatically update your code. Make sure to still review all code
changes!

## Deprecated `transactionContext` passed to `tracesSampler`

Instead of an `transactionContext` being passed to the `tracesSampler` callback, the callback will directly receive
`name` and `attributes` going forward. You can use these to make your sampling decisions, while `transactionContext`

> will be removed in v8. Note that the `attributes` are only the attributes at transaction creation time, and some
> attributes may only be set later (and thus not be available during sampling).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
will be removed in v8. Note that the `attributes` are only the attributes at span creation time, and some
attributes may only be set later during the span lifecycle (and thus not be available during sampling).
```
